docs(readme): add Peyk to the list of integrations (#13055)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: readme.md

* **[Microlink](https://microlink.io)** — Microlink is a cloud browser as API. It offers Lighthouse reports on demand, making it easy to build any service on top. Similar functionality is available via the underlying open-source project named browserless.

> * **[Peyk](https://peyk.com)** - Peyk is a website change detection & monitoring service with the power of an advanced correlation system and a variety of modules. Peyk can track websites cookies, network requests, technologies, local & session storage, lighthouse audits, and many more besides visual tracking. Peyk is offered via free and paid plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Peyk](https://peyk.com)** - Peyk is a website change detection & monitoring service. Peyk can detect changes in cookies, network requests, technologies, local & session storage, lighthouse audits, screenshots and so much more. Peyk is offered via free and paid plans.
```

optional change that sounded more natural to me, but up to you :)

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! Glad you like it @patrickhulce :)
